Adds git as a research topic (#2)
WebAhead/master-reference: coursebook/week-2/research-afternoon.md

  + site and user are always separated by a snail/small duck/AT symbol (@);
  + site is always done with at least 3 alphabetical characters, a dot and at least 2 more alphabetical characters

# Git
1. What is origin ? _eg. `git push origin master`_
2. How can you find the current origin ? and How can you change the origin's url ?

> 3. How to merge between 2 branches using `git merge` ?

Reviewer: I would add
```suggestion
3. How to merge between 2 branches using `git merge` ? 
  What would happen if you do `git merge master current-branch` 
```

4. different uses of `git-reset`.

> 5. Talk about or give a demo of the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Talk about and give a demo of the following commands, when would you use each one?:
```

  + site and user are always separated by a snail/small duck/AT symbol (@);
  + site is always done with at least 3 alphabetical characters, a dot and at least 2 more alphabetical characters

## Git
1. What is origin ? _eg. `git push origin master`_
2. How can you find the current origin ? and How can you change the origin's url ?
3. How to merge between 2 branches using `git merge` ? 
  What would happen if you do `git merge master current-branch` 
4. different uses of `git-reset`.
5. Talk about and give a demo of the following commands, when would you use each one?:
    - `git stash` & `git stsah pop`
    - `git diff`
    - `git log`
    - `git fetch` 

## Advanced JavaScript
1. Value vs. reference types in JavaScript

> 2. `==` vs. `===`

Author: isn't this too easy ? 

we have a giant list of javascript concepts to choose from

Reviewer: They should understand the difference and it relates to the previous point

3. Scope
    - What are the different types of scopes 
    - How does the scope affect variables and variable decleration

> 4. The `this` keyword

Author: i don't think this is a good idea, the `this` keyword is useless unless youre using classes, cause it's considered bad practice to use it in `function` or an object

Reviewer: This relates to the scope as well but I can remove because it can be really confusing
